---
title: "Things that make me happy"
date: 2011-11-10
tags: [musings]
draft: false
showthedate: true
---

<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;">I've been really feeling busy the last couple of years, and it's easy to lose  sense of who you are when all you are doing is living a to-do list. &nbsp;A</span>&nbsp;while back I decided to write down all the things I can  think of that make me happy.&nbsp; By happy I mean truly happy, not something  I'm doing for the sake of looking happy.<br /><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span><br /><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Hiking in a scenic place</b>.&nbsp;  Looking out over the snowy mountains with a cool breeze in my face.&nbsp;  The breeze cooled by the wind flowing over the snow reminds me of  how real the world is, and it's one of my favorite  feelings in the world.</span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Camping</b>.  It reminds me that I can still live without all the modern  conveniences, although I really like campgrounds that have nice  bathrooms.</span><br /><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Skiing/Snowboarding</b>.&nbsp;  I’ve had some difficulty with this lately, because it’s easy to get  caught up in the technical stuff like equipment and tricks.&nbsp; I really like tricks, but I’m afraid it’s just a means of showing  off and not as fun for me on a fundamental level.&nbsp; Exploring around the slope with friends on a snowy  day is fantastic fun.&nbsp; One of my best times on the slope was when I got  stuck in a snow drift up to my chest (cascade concrete); it took me 30  minutes to get myself out.</span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Music</b>.&nbsp; I love listening to music, and if the song is right it can make the hairs on the back of my neck stand up straight.</span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Technology</b>.&nbsp;  I think it appears to my tinkering nature, but I also like a dose of  reality mixed in.&nbsp; I'm a huge fan of applying new technology to things that really make life better.&nbsp; A fridge with a computer in the door is  not making life better, but a video baby monitor with night vision is  making life better.</span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Hanging out with friends</b>.&nbsp; I miss college parties, and I’m not sure I would have outgrown them if it wasn’t for not wanting to be the oldest one there. &nbsp;Lots of people to talk to, and the conversation could get surprisingly deep if you allow it.</span></div><div class="MsoNoSpacing"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span></div><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Water</b>.&nbsp;  For some reason I love water: swimming, water skiing, and other  water sports are really fun for me.&nbsp; I don’t like lap swimming as much  because it gets kind of boring. &nbsp;However lap swimming is the best I can do for now.</span><br /><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span><br /><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><b>Traveling</b>.&nbsp; The planning  is kind of annoying, and I’m not too hot on flying either, but I love getting into the everyday of some other place I’ve  never been to.&nbsp; I think it pushes me out of my comfort zone and it’s a  great feeling once I realize I’m going to be ok.</span><br /><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;"><br /></span><br /><b style="font-family: inherit;">Kids</b><span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;">.&nbsp; At  some point I came to the realization that I wasn’t going to be any kind  of person remembered for generations to come.&nbsp; At that point I started  reflecting inward on what I was here for, because simply existing&nbsp;</span>wasn't<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-family: inherit;">&nbsp;good enough for me.&nbsp; After peeling off layer by layer, I decided the  best thing I could do for society was to have kids that grew up with  well-balanced stable parents.&nbsp; Parents who leave their  kids in the car while they are at the bar might make the nightly news, but it's the parents who keep a steady ship that make all the difference in the  world.</span>
